I don't want to rat law books okay this
guy did it suck our people got me said
the hinges were no good in the car at
all front so these are completely wrong
in which mine is to the bottom ones both
of them yeah so he just picked a big set
of hinges and put them right on there
he's like he cut this oh yeah my head
just go back the door wanted him to the
door
yep not many once he got him in there
and everything he wanted another see
felonies pin popper I know he's a rug
door hinges right show us suicide doors
yeah
he just cut the whole this off wall did
it in and yeah and the doors open
opposite way so I'm gonna do it the
worst part is finding a hinge is wide
enough to do it why music these are
actually come out they're bent like this
so I had to bang them down straight
because you're not there right but a
regular door in the rat life but the guy
says I just went to hardware store and
got a regular so the door hinges
household door hinges fall but they
don't go far enough and to do it so
you're gonna have something quite wide
otherwise you don't have nothing a wall
to walk so that gives you plenty there
cool so that's my next experiment well
that's the west side doors yeah you can
do it this the reason why this is going
in front right now because I've got a
paint scheme it's gonna be a flat
primary truck but I'm doing it because
my father this is basically kind of the
member in my father I'm essentially
locate my fall always uses drink Moxie
uh-huh and we picked up drinking Moxie
for my father so what I'm going to do is
I'm going to get some crime or attempted
to the colorable Moxie can right and
that's what colors talks gonna be you
got a painted something like that yeah
and remember in my fall that's a lot of
people I'll leave it rusty but it's
actually gonna be flat primered orange
yeah I'm gonna draw I'm gonna actually
gonna cut that radiator support behind
you yeah drop it down lisping a ride
over that axle yeah I'd like to get it
this one or that one would become cool
yeah
because I do want to use this phone in
yeah moxie orange
I did well back up together
I was broken yeah I'm not doing much
more to it I'm gonna leave all this I'm
just gonna leave all the will rust hold
the stuff except for anything I might
interfere with rain coming in on me or
something like on that roof